---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

I completed [this issue](https://github.com/osquery/osquery/issues/6015). Here is my [pull request](https://github.com/osquery/osquery/pull/6055). In older versions of git, it is not possible to perform a shallow clone. The build files in osquery required the ability to do this, and so would crash with older versions of git. The maintainers noticed this, and requested that perhaps it should be possible to fall back on reguler, deep clones in the case where a user had an older version of git. That is what I worked on implementing. Initially I ran into errors which I thought I recognized, but they were, in fact, the very error that I was trying to fix. I made my fix and oepned a pull request, and I was asked to change the root directory of the build. I did this, and again ran into errors. I hopped onto slack with one of the maintainers, who realized this was happening and said that the new change required more fixes, which perhaps should be opened as a separate issue. Then my PR got merged!!


I read [this article](https://opensource.com/article/19/9/voting-fraud-open-source-solution?). It was relatively interesting. There are so many problems that come along with election software. It's amazing to me that so much of it is so outdated, I bet that many people are afraid to take responsibility for creating new election software, because that would come along with blame when something inevitably went wrong. Also, almost all software is buggy, this may be a time when mathematical or logical proofs of software being bug-free would come in useful; If someone found a vulnerability in election software they could easily take an insidious approach towards hacking. EVen the technology the OSET institute is working on is not yet properly Open Sourse, only to approved contributors. This comes back to the issue of open firmware, because if theres a vulnerability anywhere at all, an entire jurisdiction is in dangerous territory. Then again, everything is flawed, including humans. Humans can easily have biases in counting votes that perhaps we can avoid with machines, though those are susceptible to less detectable hacking.
